Add documentation for Serial Number (#14)
Coppernic/coppernic.github.io: docs/product/access-rfd40.md

![](/img/devices/access-rfd40.png)

SDK
------------

> CoreService v2.2.4 or higer needs to be installed for this device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CoreService v2.2.4 or higher needs to be installed on this device.
```
